feat(react-query): clarify cli command explanations (#1185)
toss/suspensive: docs/suspensive.org/src/pages/docs/react-query/tanstack-query-compatibility.en.mdx

</Callout>

@suspensive/react-query is composed of @suspensive/react-query-4 and @suspensive/react-query-5, which provide interfaces corresponding to the version of @tanstack/react-query. It detects the installed version of @tanstack/react-query in the user's environment and automatically provides the compatible interface.

## Command-Line Interface (CLI)

> The Command-Line Interface (CLI) of @suspensive/react-query is a tool to resolve compatibility issues with @tanstack/react-query. It allows you to check the compatibility with the installed version of @tanstack/react-query and switch the interface of @suspensive/react-query to a compatible one via commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Command-Line Interface (CLI) of @suspensive/react-query is a tool to match compatibility with @tanstack/react-query. It allows you to check the compatibility with the installed version of @tanstack/react-query and switch the interface of @suspensive/react-query to a compatible one via commands.
```

### status

Checks the compatibility of the currently installed version of @tanstack/react-query with @suspensive/react-query and displays the compatibility status.

```bash
npx suspensive-react-query status
```

For example, using @suspensive/react-query@2.12.1 and @tanstack/react-query@5.51.21, the result might be.

> You can check the compatibility status with status, and see which interfaces are available in your environment in the available interfaces section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the compatibility status with `npx suspensive-react-query status`, and see which interfaces are available in your environment in the available interfaces section.
```

Author: I noticed some duplicate content, so I made slight revisions to that section.

```md
```
